today we're gonna learn how to be how
about my yeah soldier yeah salud dirt
lesson number one having a handy gun
when having a gun you should either
place it here in the back if it's a big
gun or just hold it but make sure y'all
shoot up in this guy or something might
hit you oh oh hello there lesson number
two blending in nature
oh okay first we must blend in with the
tree hey
sorry the wall piece the ground hey you
look a little baby uh three the wall
oh you don't see me are not here last
but not least nor for playing dead skip
skip skip ok now let's put it all
together and see how it's like
make sure you don't get called breathing
what this might happen hey lesson number
three picking the right weapons when
choosing the right weapons must choose
the most deadly sins the evil spatula
the fork the fluffy pen the carrot stick
the broken gun the Death Eater I will
pick the most a face I'm glad I hope
you're asleep hey you know what this is
about a man
listen full out your weapons right way
first we started with it'll spatula haha
oh thanks baby carrot juice evil spork
she sure slap oh it would be very deadly
once you know how to use it next weapon
the red sword the Red is blood yes it is
deadly just let you know last but not
least the funky carrot and I will chop
boom fight in shape it's very deadly
you're right it was lesson 5 you must
know how to defeat opponent and a
deathmatch when in a death match you
must be prepared for everything and
what's not panic yes he panicked that's
a multiple fuck it's garrett it share it
I'll slice it up ah
one and that's how you defeat opponent
and a death match yes end of our show
yeah